COSC2625 
Building IT Systems
Assignment Part 1

[Alpha Builders]
[Project Name]

Group Members
Yuxiang Bai [S3776877]
I was born in China in 1999. I have been in Melbourne for 4 years.I am very interested in computer programming and web programming.
[Programming]
There may be some weakness in proposing plans.
I hope I can take on the programming work of our team, such as making web pages and making Java programs. At the same time, I also hope that I can discuss design projects with the team, but usually I don't have a good idea.

Qiwen Dun [s3789330]
I am a lively and quiet Chinese person who likes to make friends.I am always happy to overcome difficulties in projects with peers, but also I am silent sometimes because I cannot make effective suggestions for my colleagues in the works. 
Once my dream was to become an architecture designer, so in high school I learned a lot of Photoshop and Illustrator drawing skills, but for IT, I am just a beginner with a small amount of HTML and JAVA code. 
Making decisions and making comments has always been my weakness. It is difficult for me to choose one of several seemingly similar but extremely different options.
So for this project, I think I will be a good draftsman and an ordinary program developer, and a failed decision maker.

Matthew Howatson - s3835344
Born in a small town called Parkes in New South Wales. Lived in New South Wales - Australia for most of my life. I moved to Melbourne about 5 years ago. I have a graphic design background and have got basic knowledge of html and css. Keen to learn more of this. I found programming more challenging last semester but I hope to gain more knowledge this semester.

Huiyu Wangs  | s3737937
I was born in Jiangsu, China and my passion in IT is Machine Learning and AI. My hobbies are playing video games, League of Legends and travelling.I have got basic knowledge of Java, html and css.
In terms of project needs, my weaker points are how we can write less code and use more technique to make our project active.
I expect myself to be doing the HTML in this project and explore more information about the technology we use.

Ramon Aguila | s3840883
I was born and raised in Manila, Philippines. My family and I migrated to Australia to pursue a better life and to explore different opportunities. Outside of work and studies, I enjoy playing Basketball, studying Japanese and playing competitive video-games.
In terms of IT, I am really interested in Website Programming and UX Design. I have limited experience in these areas, and I am keen on learning more about them. I also find programming languages such as Java and Python fairly challenging.
For this project, I am looking to take on roles which involve designing software and working collaboratively with others on the design. Doing so will help me improve my programming skills and work collaboratively on software-based projects.

Lunke Zhu [s3816935]
I was born in Shanghai China and I migrated to Melbourne Australia in 2010. I’m passionate about programming, machine learning and AI. My hobbies are playing the Game of Go, table tennis and violin. I’m interested in almost everything that’s computer related, especially the ones I’ve mentioned above. 
In terms of project needs, my weaker points are making an interactive map similar to those on COVID-19 websites which users can see the most infected places and number of cases in each area. I expect myself to be doing the programming in Java and HTML in this project. 


Description


Demonstrable Outcomes
Project Motivation


Minimum Viable Features (MVF) 


Extended Viable Features (EVF) 



Project Justification


How


Project Timetable

